README.md, before:

# JDRD Web Application
A web version of [JDRD](https://github.com/Pocable/JDRD) to run in browser for easy adding.
Note: Please only use this for grabbing legal backups. I am not responsible for what you do with this.

## Features over JDRD
* List of items currently being downloaded by Real Debrid
* Allows cancelling items being downloaded

## Configuration
Create a .env file in the main folder and enter the following information
```
REACT_APP_DLAPI_LINK = INSERT LINK HERE
REACT_APP_DLAPI_API_KEY = INSERT KEY HERE
REACT_APP_JACKETT_LINK = INSERT LINK HERE
REACT_APP_JACKETT_API_KEY = INSERT KEY HERE
REACT_APP_CORS_PROXY = INSERT CORS URL PROXY HERE (code format is REACT_APP_CORS_PROXY + URL)
```
Since these are environment variables set them when deploying. This system only communicates with API's so no paths are needed.

## Setup
Use the [docker container](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/pocable/jdrd-web-application) provided to make it easier, otherwise do the following steps:
* Edit: Makefile to point to an environment file
* Run: make build
* Run: make run

## Screenshot
![Main UI](UIIMG.PNG?raw=true)

Commit message:

Updated JDRD to have Jackett keys stored on DLAPI

README.md, after:

# JDRD Web Application
A web version of [JDRD](https://github.com/Pocable/JDRD) to run in browser for easy adding.
Note: Please only use this for grabbing legal backups. I am not responsible for what you do with this.

## Features over JDRD
* List of items currently being downloaded by Real Debrid
* Allows cancelling items being downloaded

## Configuration
Create a .env file in the main folder and enter the following information
```
REACT_APP_DLAPI_LINK = INSERT LINK HERE
REACT_APP_DLAPI_API_KEY = INSERT KEY HERE
```
Since these are environment variables set them when deploying. This system only communicates with API's so no paths are needed.
DLAPI must have the jackett module enabled in order to use JDRD.

## Setup
Use the [docker container](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/pocable/jdrd-web-application) provided to make it easier, otherwise do the following steps:
* Edit: Makefile to point to an environment file
* Run: make build
* Run: make run

## Screenshot
![Main UI](UIIMG.PNG?raw=true)
